About this assignment
Assignment type
Graded
Time Limit
Unlimited
Estimated Time
30 minutes
Assignment attempts
Unlimited
Passing Grade
70%
In the final project, you applied your back-end development skills to build a server-side application for an online bookstore. The application includes several key features such as user authentication, book search, and review management, while also addressing concurrent access.

You will now be evaluated based on the following criteria:

Retrieving a list of all available books
Searching for books by ISBN, author name, or title
Accessing reviews for specific books
Registering as a new user and logging into their account
Adding, updating, and deleting reviews for books
Note: A provided JSON file containing book details will be used as the data source and evaluated during testing.

Instructions
To complete this assignment successfully, follow these steps:

Complete all tasks required for the Final project. Ensure all tasks are completed and your work is committed and saved in the corresponding files within the project's GitHub repository.
Select 'Begin the Assignment' to get started.
Read each question and submit your response by providing screenshots/text created for the project. 
Once you've answered all the questions, select 'Submit assignment.'
Review the feedback provided to understand your performance and areas for improvement. 


Grading Criteria
The assignment has criteria for 14 tasks, based on which you will be graded on an overall score of 30 Points, which requires a minimum of 70% of marks to pass. Please follow the list below to know about the marking criteria in detail.

Criteria:

Task 1:

Copy and paste the cURL command and its output, saved as githubrepo, which shows that your GitHub repository is forked from ibm-developer-skills-network/expressBookReview. – 2 Points

Task 2:

Copy and paste the cURL command and its output, saved as getallbooks, which displays all book(s) retrieved.              – 2 Points

Task 3:

Copy and paste the cURL command and its output, saved as getbooksbyISBN, which displays all book(s) retrieved based on the specified ISBN. – 2 Points

Task 4:

Copy and paste the cURL command and its output, saved as getbooksbyauthor, which displays all books retrieved based on the specified author. – 2 Points

Task 5: based on the specified author

Copy and paste the cURL command and its output, saved as getbooksbytitle, which displays all books retrieved based on the specified title. – 2 Points

Task 6:

Copy and paste the cURL command and its output, saved as getbookreview, which displays the initial book review.       – 2 Points

Task 7:

Copy and paste the cURL command and its output, saved as register, which displays a message confirming the successful registration of a new user. – 3 Points

Task 8:

Copy and paste the cURL command and its output, saved as login, which displays the result of logging in as a registered user. – 3 Points

Task 9:

Copy and paste the cURL command and its output, saved as reviewadded, which displays a message and reviews after adding or modifying a book review. – 2 Points

Task 10:

Copy and paste the cURL command and its output, saved as deletereview, which displays a delete message after deleting a book review. – 2 Points

Task 11:

Submit the GitHub URL of the general.js file, which contains the code implementation to retrieve all books and their details based on author, title, and ISBN, using promise callbacks or async/await with Axios. – 8 Points